WordPress Known Issues: jetpack safe mode (#9625)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/wordpress-known-issues.md

define( 'JETPACK_SIGNATURE__HTTPS_PORT', $_SERVER['SERVER_PORT'] );
```

> **Issue 3:** Jetpack is intended to be run on your live site. It will turn on safe mode and prevent the connection to WordPress.com if a site is already registered through Jetpack. For this reason it's best to only activate Jetpack in the **Live** environment of your site and let it run in dev mode for your **Dev** and **Test** environments. For more information, see the [Jetpack documentation on Safe Mode](https://jetpack.com/support/safe-mode/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Issue 3:** Jetpack is intended to be run only in your live environment. If Jetpack also runs in a [non-live environment](pantheon-workflow) it will turn on safe mode and prevent the connection to WordPress.com because the site is already registered. For this reason it's best to only activate Jetpack in the **Live** environment of your site and let it run in dev mode for your **Dev** and **Test** environments. For more information, see the [Jetpack documentation on Safe Mode](https://jetpack.com/support/safe-mode/).
```

> **Solution:** Use Jetpack's [Staging Mode](https://jetpack.com/support/staging-sites/) to prevent it from running in the Dev and Test environments. This requires that the `WP_ENVIRONMENT_TYPE` constant is correctly defined in your `wp-config.php` file. This is handled for you in the Pantheon [WordPress](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/WordPress/blob/default/wp-config-pantheon.php#L76-L91) and [WordPress (Composer Managed)](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wordpress-composer-managed/blob/default/config/application.pantheon.php#L23-L36) upstreams. It's recommended that you use the most recent version of the upstream to ensure that this is set correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
**Solution:** Use Jetpack's [Staging Mode](https://jetpack.com/support/staging-sites/) to prevent it from running in the Dev and Test environments. This requires that the `WP_ENVIRONMENT_TYPE` constant is correctly defined in your `wp-config.php` file. This is handled for you in the Pantheon [WordPress](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/WordPress/blob/233447f05e238b54a6d28e2160d51167a368cd89/wp-config-pantheon.php#L99-L104) and [WordPress (Composer Managed)](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wordpress-composer-managed/blob/default/config/application.pantheon.php#L23-L36) upstreams. It's recommended that you use the most recent version of the upstream to ensure that this is set correctly.
```
